So you think I have this document
What is your status in the Xiao Group?
This project is one of the most important projects for our group in the future.
How about having access to this file?
That is of course the core core of the group.
So what is your current position in the group?
I'm still a group leader
How amazing. He turned out to be a team leader.
If I tell your uncle what happened today
Mr. Xiao’s words
Supervisor, you must not say that.
Mr. Xiao and I are just distant relatives who cannot be further apart.
This is exactly the same surname
Everyone thinks she and I are family and
I feel like Xiao and I are always a family
It's very respectable, so that's why
It turns out you were just faking it. My tiger is.
It turns out you were faking it too
Both of us are fine
Did someone just say
Scarred Waiter's Clothes
He also forced me to drink the blood, Manager Lin.
Sir, you don't care about others' mistakes.
Are you kidding me?
Then he hit my friend with that scar
How can he be considered Manager Lin?
I apologize to you. Look
Hey hey hey hey hey
Then are you satisfied with this?
You must not send it to the mountain
Are you fans all standing? Lin Zhuluo
I apologize to you
What are you looking at?
kneel down
Kneel down, kneel down, Lin Zhuluo
Are you satisfied?